Added explanations and examples for brackets to operators page (#2068)
nushell/nushell.github.io: lang-guide/chapters/operators.md

## Brackets

### `[` and `]`
The square brackets can be used to make [lists](types/basic_types/list.md).
```nu
~> [ 1, 2, 3 ]
╭───┬───╮
│ 0 │ 1 │
│ 1 │ 2 │
│ 2 │ 3 │
╰───┴───╯
```

### `{` and `}`

> The curly brackets can be used to make [records](types/basic_types/record.md) and [closures](types/basic_types/closure.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The braces can be used to make [records](types/basic_types/record.md) and [closures](types/basic_types/closure.md).
```
